_sections/about-01-how-wutzdoin-works.md, before:

---
title: How WutzDoin works
page: About
layout: section_seq-card
css-class: bg-accent
cards:
  - title: Take pictures
    img: upload.png
    img-alt: "Image of mobile phone capturing images of bulletin board flyers"
    description:
      Organizations deliver promotional flyers to schools and public
      bulletin boards. We seek out these locations and take pictures of the
      promotional material.
  - title: Categorize
    img: upload.png
    img-alt: "Image of mobile phone capturing images of bulletin board flyers"
    description:
      Any relevant text is extracted from the promotional images. The
      images are then cropped, categorized, and indexed.
  - title: Search
    img: whatswutzdoin.png
    img-alt: "Image of girl leaning on elbows viewing cell phone."
    description:
      When then make this content available for consumption via the
      WutzDoin website. Optimizing our user-experience to be fun and social.
---
WutzDoin enlists the assistance of enthusiastic community members to help
currate content. This ensures that the content that is delivered to a
particular community is truly relevant. If WutzDoin cannot find a
enthusiastic community member we will not launch a site in that location.

Commit message:

swap words. merced to modesto, wutz.. to Modes..

_sections/about-01-how-wutzdoin-works.md, after:

---
title: How Modesto Reboot works
page: About
layout: section_seq-card
css-class: bg-accent
cards:
  - title: Take pictures
    img: upload.png
    img-alt: "Image of mobile phone capturing images of bulletin board flyers"
    description:
      Organizations deliver promotional flyers to schools and public
      bulletin boards. We seek out these locations and take pictures of the
      promotional material.
  - title: Categorize
    img: upload.png
    img-alt: "Image of mobile phone capturing images of bulletin board flyers"
    description:
      Any relevant text is extracted from the promotional images. The
      images are then cropped, categorized, and indexed.
  - title: Search
    img: whatswutzdoin.png
    img-alt: "Image of girl leaning on elbows viewing cell phone."
    description:
      When then make this content available for consumption via the
      Modesto Reboot website. Optimizing our user-experience to be fun and social.
---
Modesto Reboot enlists the assistance of enthusiastic community members to help
currate content. This ensures that the content that is delivered to a
particular community is truly relevant. If Modesto Reboot cannot find a
enthusiastic community member we will not launch a site in that location.
