_sections/about-02-help-us-help-you.md, before:

---
title: Helps us, Help You
page: About
css-class: ''
---

WutzDoin has tried to streamline as much of it's operations. However,
being a free tool for a community doesn't come without a cost. WutzDoin
has implored some in-site advertising. We would like for that not to be
the case. So, we have come up with some options mutually beneficial
options to reduce/remove the in-site ads.

If you are interested in any of these options. Please send an email to
[info@wutzdoin.com](mailto:info@wutzdoin.com).

*  ### Donations
   If you are interested in donating (no donation is too little), please
   PayPal us at [pay@sophcon.com](mailto:pay@sophcon.com)
   ([Sophcon](http://sophcon.com) powers WutzDoin, see above).
*  ### Promoted Listings
   Promoted Listings is a means for you to promote a Listing to the top for
   a duration of time.
*  ### Featured Listings
   Featured Listings will spotlight a listing on our homepage. Users will
   see your listing as soon as they come to our site.
*  ### Physical Flyer Ad Spot
   During our curation process, we will leave a "WutzDoin" flyer. On this
   flyer, there will be roughly 8 spots for additional advertising.

Commit message:

swap words. merced to modesto, wutz.. to Modes..

_sections/about-02-help-us-help-you.md, after:

---
title: Helps us, Help You
page: About
css-class: ''
---

Modesto Reboot has tried to streamline as much of it's operations. However,
being a free tool for a community doesn't come without a cost. Modesto Reboot
has implored some in-site advertising. We would like for that not to be
the case. So, we have come up with some options mutually beneficial
options to reduce/remove the in-site ads.

If you are interested in any of these options. Please send an email to
[info@modestoreboot.com](mailto:info@modestoreboot.com).

*  ### Donations
   If you are interested in donating (no donation is too little), please
   PayPal us at [pay@sophcon.com](mailto:pay@sophcon.com)
   ([Sophcon](http://sophcon.com) powers WutzDoin, see above).
*  ### Promoted Listings
   Promoted Listings is a means for you to promote a Listing to the top for
   a duration of time.
*  ### Featured Listings
   Featured Listings will spotlight a listing on our homepage. Users will
   see your listing as soon as they come to our site.
*  ### Physical Flyer Ad Spot
   During our curation process, we will leave a "Modesto Reboot" flyer. On this
   flyer, there will be roughly 8 spots for additional advertising.
